hi here given 22 commenting for all
you and I came to press a little
what is my pc worth from inside
so much on the outside that good
and you're going to see what's left
good as you can see the bottom the truth
is that it is very cool is the one that had
predetermined that of the language I already have
said in several videos that is a language
x 51
and good has 8 gigas of ram processor
intel core i5 hard disk toe
In addition, the graphics card is a
nvidia geforce gtx 555
shortly after the casing is a pass
incredible and good here I am going to teach you
is this man worth
this program is valid for editing
the lights that they have because
ok it has some lights on the casing in
total are 3
and I do not know what this is
well this is my computer what would be
if with this program what can I do
is to change the lights is this our
of color are the lights outside that I
like to see if it looks
I say that you will see it
OK
but
yes, yes
ok if you see it worth it then this is my pc
of basically
the truth is that it is beautiful has
as you can see here the
the symbolism of alyn ware is worth
it is worth turning
that is the word light because it is very
weird because if he left it like that
and off but after
if he had it because you can see the light
if we leave it like this in the head of the
someone would be
then as you can see it has light
is the side is worth it is gorgeous
the light is and then it has the light of the other
side
here you can customize the colors
the colors
and good as you can see the screen of the
Irrigator is HP 21 inches good for
true of nothing is a like it is of
of the are the one of the brand of the voucher and good
here the speakers that are
are
and then the keyboard that is the web link
micro with the degree that is where that is
speak to you
after the mouse that forest series of
lalin wear that we have left and then
here
you see
and this is going to be the future screen that
I'm going to have two screens which is the
supports both screens
and good going back a little to what is
record inside
it's good, for example, it can
change this to red also be blue
and this yellow is worth it because it's tourism
after
so it's worth here the games that I have
they have not created
well this was downloaded my sister
in skyrim the battlefield that of moments
4 early in the morning, I do not know
programitas el vegas
like our math college
stewart things and well I'm going to sit down
in the destination library
I have 1 2 3 4 5 6 games we will see
good he is falling and I care about the portal
two pennants
so nothing important now
Then, well, I'm going to teach with more
depth because necessary
what is this
I will teach you more deeply what
what is the computer
what is 51
and bad
if you believe in a photo
louis
is this
and good I'll show you the page for
that teach you all the things that good
also the motherboard has told me that it is
very good is very very good
is this
that of 899
although I worked for 40 euros
why
we convinced my mother convinced at the time
and good as you can see has here the
intel core i5 windows 7 8 ram of the
hard disk and good
the graphics card that does not come and good
later it was also good there was
one better than the one that has and 7 is worth
although that is already enough increases
quite the price, almost 150 euros
after this it is only equal to
has 4 - of ram and then this one that is
I know what he has and 3 and 4 - 2
and good are all these that is at
beautiful the truth I recommend you to
all of us terrific for x
so in a little bit this
teach you process triggered
etc
also the afternoon
in your profile
and good was basically this for
teach you a little bit of all this as well
that nothing here I have left 22 commenting
for all of you and see you the
next gameplay health